2/18/2026: Christine downloaded data for first 2 parts of project.

2/21/2026: Christine
Cleaned data and created wide testing and full datasets
- AI used to figure out syntax for pivoting dataframe and code debugging (figuring out difference in n)
Did simulation of k = 1 lag
- AI used to figure out how to handle N/A values
Did general strategy of families
- AI used to figure out how to structure and turn a dictionary into a dataframe
- Also used AI to figure out why I was getting initially suspicious high returns for the strategy
- Noticing suspiciously high returns for the strategy at lag k = 1, but drops down to reasonable levels at k = 2 onwards

Update To Date:
Section 1 Parts a, b, and e are done. I'm in the middle of Part d right now. Section 2 Part a is also done (per your suggestion on starting with Section 2 first)
There is a problem when you see the return dataframe across k lags. The k = 1 strategy return and volatility are way too high, given they're in annualized decimal
form, not percentage form. I tried to address it by figuring out ways to handle the NaN values at different points in the dataset (main strategy there to fill into
0s, which I'd appreciate your assessment on). This addressed the issue slightly, but the returns are still way too high.

I checked my code and really think there is no time travel, but please check me there. The unusualness seems to go away for k = 2-5 lags.

I was trying to contemplate ways to ID the outliers in Part d, but the work is unfinished. There are a few days where the strategy has 13-17% returns in one day,
and I wrote code to identify those top dates. I'm thinking we can try to ID which stocks (and their weights) are exactly contributing to this high return that I think
is causing the high return. The current data I pulled from SQL has the "id" number but not the stock name, so I'm going to venture back into SQLServer and see if I can
find those stock names for us, and we can see if there is company-specific news or anything on those dates.

Any other ideas you have of course is very respected and appreciated. Thank you for your patience.
